Título: Buy, Sell & Trade Bitcoin & Other Crypto Currencies with Gemini's Best-in-class Platform | Gemini
URL: https://www.gemini.com/
Número de palabras: 642

Prices Derivatives All Products Institutions Resources Log in Exchange ActiveTrader Gemini Dollar Staking Credit Card Nifty Gateway Institutional Home INSTITUTIONAL PRODUCTS  Exchange eOTC Custody Staking WHO WE SERVE  Businesses and Private Wealth Professional Traders Institutional Investors Fintechs and Banks Bitcoin Miners Blog Trust Center About Careers Cryptopedia Newsroom Support Log in  Download the app  Download the app Engaging with crypto involves risks, including the risk of your crypto rewards declining in value over time. Past performance no guarantee of future results. A Gemini Mastercard®. Issued by WebBank. Terms apply.   Based in NYC since 2014 Our founders, Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, were early investors in cryptocurrency and struggled to find a platform where they could securely manage their growing portfolio. They built Gemini to deliver the first trusted platform that focused on strong security controls and compliance. Our mantra Gemini Trust Company, LLC, which is part of the Gemini family of companies, is a New York trust company regulated by the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYSDFS). This means we are subject to requirements including capital reserves, cybersecurity, and high banking compliance standards. We Are ISO/IEC 27001:2013 Validates that Gemini operates an Information Security Management System (ISMS) that conforms to the requirements of ISO/IEC 27001:2013. SOC 1 Type 2 Exam SOC 2 Type 2 Exam We were the first crypto exchange and custodian in the world to obtain our SOC 1 Type 2 and SOC 2 Type 2 certifications. This exam was conducted by Deloitte. PCI DSS ROC AOC and Attested SAQ Evidence of our commitment to maintaining compliance with an information security standard that protects cardholder data both when we accept debit cards on our platform and when we issue the Gemini Credit Card. Forbes Advisor Best of 2024 93.8K Ratings |Store Best Crypto Exchanges of June 2024 / Forbes Advisor Best of 2024 Best Crypto Exchange Overall / Nerdwallet's Best-Of Awards 2022 Best Crypto Exchange for Beginners / The Ascent 2022 Best Crypto Exchanges We <3 crypto Stay up to date on the latest product news, company updates, and industry perspectives.  Follow us Learn more about our security measures Hardware Security Keys Hardware security keys Hardware security keys provide the strongest level of account protection. That's why we were the first crypto exchange to introduce support for hardware security keys across mobile devices. Two-Factor Authentication Two-Factor Authentication An added layer of protection to confirm you are in control of your login credentials. 2FA is a requirement. Approved Addresses Approved Addresses Know where your crypto is at all times. Approved addresses is another enhanced security feature that allows you to ban or limit all cryptocurrency withdrawals to a list of known addresses only. Multiple charting types, watchlists, and price alerts help you follow the market and make strategic trades. Learn More Place instant, recurring, and limit buys on our growing and vetted list of available cryptos. View cryptocurrencies Not everyone wants to place their own trades. Invest in crypto simply by spending with the Gemini Credit Card. Apply For The Gemini Credit Card Products Exchange Mobile Derivatives ActiveTrader Credit Card Staking Gemini Dollar Nifty Gateway View All Institutions Institutions Home Exchange Custody eOTC Businesses and Private Wealth Professional Traders Institutional Investors Fintechs and Banks Bitcoin Miners Resources Prices Price Converter Gemini Blog Trust Center About Cryptopedia Newsroom Videos Product Updates Security Trust and safety Partners Samsung Brave Referral Program Frontier Fund View All Company Careers Students Support Center Contact Us System Status Areas of Availability API Docs Marketplace and Fees Legal Agreements Derivatives Legal Agreements Privacy Policy User Agreement and State Disclosures Digital Assets Disclosures Do Not Share My Personal Information NMLS #1518126 © Copyright 2024 Gemini Space Station, LLC or its affiliates.  This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Site Policy Legal Notice English Español (Latinoamérica) Italiano Português (Brasil) Français